---
layout: post
title: Heroku.
categories: [School]
tags: [CS373]
---

We were on the home stretch of completing our website project for CS373, but then I realized we were supposed to host our website somewhere. The university has a server called z and we were encouraged to use that. We started investigating how to set up our site for z and things got complicated. We needed an .htaccess file, a .wsgi file, we needed to change where our url redirects pointed to, we couldn't save a file to disk (because the university doesn't give us write permissions), in general a lot of extra work and debugging was needed to get our site up on z.

So I mentioned to Downing that maybe he should start using [heroku](https://www.heroku.com/) for later iterations of CS373 so students don't have to deal with all of this hosting nonsense. He was a little apprehensive so we volunteered to be the guinea pigs to see if heroku is a viable hosting solution for CS373.

Oh look! A [Getting Started with Django on Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/django) guide. We went through that guide and followed all the steps. We of course had to do a few workarounds to get this working on heroku:

* Used Django 1.5. We used Django 1.5 for heroku because Django 1.5 creates a .wsgi file for you. Now, since I looked at this guide a few things changed. Like the .wsgi file. We used this .wsgi file because it allowed static files to be used, like bootstrap. This is our .wsgi file:
    {% highlight python %}
  import os
    os.environ.setdefault("DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE", "<YOUR_PROJECT_NAME_HERE>.settings")
    from django.core.wsgi import get_wsgi_application
    from django.contrib.staticfiles.handlers import StaticFilesHandler
    application = StaticFilesHandler(get_wsgi_application())
    {% endhighlight %}

* Used sqlite3 instead of postgresql. So we run our unit tests by spawning a process. The Django unit test framework creates a test database. Using the default database was causing us problems here. So I just commented that line out of our settings.py and used sqlite3.
    {% highlight python %}
  #DATABASES['default'] =  dj_database_url.config()
    {% endhighlight %}

* We made our app a top-level module instead of a submodule. Instead of having our app directory be in the project directory, we moved it up to be right along side the project directory. (We also did this for the minixsv and genxmlif modules.)

* Only use one dyno!

#### Why heroku for CS373 is great: ####

* Your code is kept private. If we put our code on the z server we have to make our files readable to the world.
* We didn't have to change our urls.
* Heroku is pretty much [free](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/usage-and-billing#750-free-dyno-hours-per-app) for what we have to do in CS373.
* Heroku allows for a team to work on the app. Group members can be added as collaborators and everyone can push to the production site.
* Heroku is a growing modern deployment system used by [many established companies](http://success.heroku.com/).

#### What I suspect will be a problem for phase two:####

* Database. We're required to use MySql. Heroku recommends [Heroku Postgres](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-mysql). Let's see how we solve this problem when we come to it.
