---
layout: post
title: Here we go again.
categories: [School]
tags: [CS371P]
---

So I just got done with CS373 Software Engineering with Glenn Downing a couple of weeks ago and here I am beginning CS371P Object Oriented Programming with Glenn Downing. This semester I'll be introduced to C++ in CS371P and word on the street is that Downing is a C++ guru. He apparently knows the idiosyncrasies of C++ very well.

This semester's class is so much bigger than CS373 during the summer; there's about twenty more students in CS371P than there were in CS373. I have a feeling that I'll be getting called less now. The classroom is even bigger and the screen is a little smaller, so I've got to start getting there early so I can see.

On Friday We spent the entire class period talking about the project. Downing made it very clear what exactly has to be done in order to get a non-zero grade for the first assignment. I can tell many people have not had a professor like Downing before: demanding, upfront, and direct. The zero non-zero grade policy is a little nerve-wracking, but trust me if you just follow the project specifications to the letter you'll be fine.

My advice as you begin this class:

1. Be upfront with Downing: tell him anything that relates to the class like absences, late blog posts, etc.
2. Read the required readings! I can't stress this enough.
3. Use Piazza, it'll be the best source for help and clarification on everything in this class.

And here's a little gem from the first day of CS373 this summer: Downing mentioned that experience, internships, and personal projects matter more than our GPA's and course list.
