---
layout: post
title: The Big One.
categories: [School]
tags: [CS373]
---

We only had one day of class this week (which I didn't mind at all) due to Fourth of July and the end of the first summer half semester. But just because we had a major break from class doesn't mean I wasn't doing school work. We were assigned the first part of our semester project and my group and I have been diligently working.

Our project is to create a website that is essentially a world crisis database. I have actually been enjoying this project. I like that I'm learning the Django framework. The team has met everyday and I'm glad to report that everyday we have made some progress, no steps back (yet). For some unknown reason I was elected project leader for this first part of the project. It has been a great experience. I really enjoy looking at the big picture of the project and seeing how the pieces fit together. Applying the little web development knowledge I know along with some people skills I hope I have been a good impact on the team.

Downing has mentioned that none of his classes have ever come to a consensus about the XML schema. We are of course trying to be the first class that does. I actually think we're going to do it. We have a shared repository for the XSD and key classmates have made significant progress on creating the best schema possible. I wish the team and I could have made more contributions toward the schema though.

I'm a little anxious about tomorrow's in class quiz, I haven't read the required paper or have been studying the python examples from class. We'll see how this goes.
