---
layout: post
title: The Pains of Voting.
categories: [School]
tags: [CS371P]
---

Remember last week when I was complaining about not really knowing how to use object oriented design in the Australian Voting project? Well, Downing told me to talk to other people. I did and got a good sense of how to design my solution in an object oriented way, so I started the project over on Monday night. Thankfully, I had gotten the I/O working before I restarted so I at least had that going for me. I'm glad I decided to go with this object oriented approach because I can say I learned some things.

1. When objects are created on the stack pass them like this "ObjectName&"

2. Members of a class are by default private such as an "int id;" would be private in a class.

3. Private methods are difficult to test.

4. The implementation of a class should be put in a file that will not be included twice.

Starting over did cause me quite a bit of stress, but I'm glad I did. I didn't have to build complex data structures to represent ballots and the number of votes, which lead me to not build a very function oriented program. Breaking the problem into objects and giving those objects actions to interact and solve the problem really helped me understand how to solve the problem and think in an object oriented way.

My advice for the voting lab: get the I/O to work and then design an object oriented solution. Also, start early. This week I spent the most amount of time in the lab since the semester began, don't do that to yourself, start early.

[Aaron Stacy](http://aaronstacy.com/) came to talk to the class on Friday about git. During his presentation I learned that the workflow my team for CS373 used this Summer was called "Git Flow." It's when there's a development branch that's always changing and there's a master branch which is always stable.

Something else I found really interesting when Aaron presented was his actual presentation. It was very pretty, it flowed well, and it was in the browser. So I of course did some snooping and he's using a framework called [reveal](http://lab.hakim.se/reveal-js/#/). There's also a [service for reveal](http://slid.es/) which I plan to use for a class presentation very soon. I'll let you know how I liked the service. Hopefully it's better than another online presentation service (*cough* prezi).
