---
layout: post
title: CS 373. It begins.
categories: [School]
tags: [CS373]
---

So I started CS 373 Software Engineering with Glenn Downing the other day. He's quite a character. He's already commented that we as students should really be focused on obtaining an internship during the summer. I couldn't agree more. I found it really interesting that he mentioned experience, internships, and personal projects, matter more than our GPA's and class list. Now, I've always thought this, but I didn't want to actually accept it. Now that I hear it from an accredited source I will definitely focus on getting different CS experience.

So far class is entertaining, involving, and lively even though it's at 10 AM; I haven't fallen asleep in class (yet). He has a class roster and throughout class he'll call on you to answer some questions. He's very good at not making you feel incompetent when you make a mistake (unless he really wants to drive a point home like what happened to me). The question I got was "does this finally block get run?" Now, I thought since an exception was raised in an except clause that control wouldn't continue down into the finally block. But oh how wrong I was, "What part of 'finally always gets run' do you not understand?" I can't wait until that question shows up on the test.

The first project we had to complete was Collatz. It wasn't too bad. It was weird being told up front that he was not going to teach us everything we need to know, we had to go and learn about technologies independently. I got a taste of that in this first project. What I had to investigate was python, how to write a for loop in python essentially. Thankfully I had some git and GitHub experience before this class, otherwise I would've had a much harder time. It bothered me that my acceptance tests took a long time to run: I left them running in the lab while in class, hah!

My advice: get a GitHub account and learn some essential git commands. It's a super cool tool.
