---
layout: post
title: MySQL.
categories: [School]
tags: [CS373]
---

This week we started learning about MySQL and database patterns in general. I'm not too familiar with database design, so I'm glad we're going over some fundamentals. Most of these fundamentals are mentioned in the [readings](http://www.tomjewett.com/dbdesign/dbdesign.php) that are required, and that is where I am learning the database design patterns. I really wish we would cover database design in class more; I feel like that is more important than going over the idiosyncrasies of some MySQL commands i.e.: JOIN, SELECT, etc. I know Downing is trying to make us understand the link between relational algebra and those commands, but I think being able to understand how to model real world data, laying out that data in a database, and understanding the connections in the database that are made because of how the data is structured is a more valuable skill for us to have.

This week we also turned in our phase two of the World Crisis Database actually before the time it was due. What a great feeling! This phase was still a considerable amount of work, but with all of our experience from phase one we are able to get things done faster. We were given the option to use heroku again, and since we used it for phase one all we had to do was push our updates for phase two to the heroku server (it's one command `git push heroku master`). I like how Downing is seriously considering to improve the following iterations of CS 373 by offering students to use heroku.

Phase three for the World Crisis Database will be an interesting phase to complete mainly because of the UI challenges that are presented. How does one present ninety topics per entity (crisis, person, and organization) in a visually appealing manner without overwhelming the user?
