---
layout: post
title: Darwin Tools.
categories: [School]
tags: [CS371P]
---

The focus of this past week has been the new project called Darwin. I think it's a cool project. With this project we are beginning to dive into object oriented design. Planning is key to any project, but especially when it comes to an object oriented design project. It's difficult to go with one design to only then realize that it doesn't allow you do perform some essential action and try to modify your existing design. It's also difficult to plan out every detail of an object oriented design before starting to code. Finding the right balance is hard; it's definitely something we have to learn for ourselves.

When I did the Voting project I used objects and overall object oriented design. I think that project went well because it wasn't too big and there was no inheritance or complicated encapsulation. For Darwin, the set up with a little difficult to wrap your head around. There's a creature which has a species. Originally I thought that we only needed a creature object and we'd extend that object with species types like Hopper, Rover, etc. But Downing suggests we have a creature and a species class. My partner and I have started to go down this route.

One thing that I find difficult about this project is the fact that all species have a program. Representing a program I find challenging. Lately I've been thinking we could have a list of strings as our program, but then that'd require a big switch statement checking which type of action a creature wants to take. I want to avoid a giant switch statement. But some program steps require a parameter, like all of the conditionals, so I've been also thinking we could have a list of structs that have the name of the action/conditional along with that parameter. Overall I think this part of Darwin is the most difficult, representing the program.

We have many methods for our objects so I suspect writing the unit tests for this project isn't going to be too much fun. We also have to pass five other groups' acceptance tests. This means we have to translate their test to fit our method calls, etc. I'm not too excited about doing that either.

On Wednesday I got to hear Conrad Stoll's talk about change again. He did add a section in his presentation about the different tools current developers are using. Have I mentioned how much I enjoy learning and using software tools? One tool I'm particularly excited to use is [Framer](http://www.framerjs.com/).
