---
layout: post
title: Rackspace, Replace, Refactor.
categories: [School]
tags: [CS373]
---

I really liked the talk Rackspace gave to the class on Monday. (They even brought in a real intern to talk to us!) They really emphasized Open Source. A lot of what they code is open sourced, so _anyone_ can contribute back to the project. It's good to hear that Rackspace uses Scrum development because we've read a paper about Scrum.

We have been doing phase three of our world crisis database project this week. We now have to import every other team's XML instance and in doing so we had to redesign the front-end layout of our website. We needed this UI redesign because after importing everyone else's data, there would be an absurd number of hyper-links on the homepage. I was also absent for a good majority of this project because of my travels to Chicago, but I'm really glad my teammates were able to cope without me (it's unnervingly comfortable to know one is replaceable).

The second book we have to read for this class, [Refactoring](http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0201485672/?tag=utgracs) by Martin Fowler, I find to be a hard read. There is a lot of code in this book. I've learned that I don't like to read code from a textbook, so that is why I find this book a hard read.

So about refactoring, my group and I actually went to a project code refactoring meeting with one of the proctors. We mainly spent our time splitting up one function into many smaller functions. Now, as I was in the middle of refactoring the code in this session I was thinking, "wow, what a waste of time." But, after cleaning that code up, I can actually feel a difference in the code: it's cleaner, it's faster, it's better! I also got to see a refactoring technique, so after all that I'm glad we went to that refactoring session.

I missed class on Friday because I was in Chicago; read about those adventures _here_ (soon to come)!
