---
layout: post
title: Tools.
categories: [School]
tags: [CS371P]
---

For some reason I'm really into learning about software tools right now, things like Pivotal Tracker, Travis CI, all of the Atlassian tools, and GitHub Hubot. So I found [this week's reading](http://net.tutsplus.com/articles/general/team-collaboration-with-github/) really interesting.

In the Bug Tracking section of the article I noticed a picture of GitHub's issue tracker, and it has a search feature for issues! The current GitHub doesn't have that; I really wish I could text search my issues. [GitHub's Hubot](http://hubot.github.com/) is pretty cool; I need to find an excuse to use it.

I've used [Trello](https://trello.com/) before in a software development setting, it's okay. I feel the main problem with Trello is that it's not too connected to the code, but the article mentioned that there is a Trello webhook for GitHub, but I feel it could be better. Right now a card can be created for pull-requests and pushes. I think it'd make more sense for cards to be created for issues/features.

I of course had to sign up for this [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/). From what I can make out without doing any actual work, Travis CI allows me to build and run some simple scripts on Travis' servers after I push to one of my public repositories or when a pull-request is made.

I am not particularly liking the book we have to read for this course: "An Introduction to Object-Oriented Programming" by Budd. I feel the content doesn't flow too well; the examples are talked about for too long so I end up forgetting what the point was to the section.

So we had to turn in our first project, Collatz, this week. I did all the requirements, but I still have that feeling that I may have forgotten that small requirement that will cause me to get a zero. I'm anxiously waiting to receive a grade.

So our in class quizzes have pretty much all been about what we've been covering in class. (The one quiz I missed was about the reading, lol.) Quizzes about the readings are tricky, you'll either remember it or you won't. After you're done reading go back through the chapters and point out anything you think is quiz worthy.
