---
layout: post
title: Life.
categories: [School]
tags: [CS371P]
---

On Monday we went over the specifications for our last project entitled "Life." My favorite questions to ask my classmates this week were: "How's Life going?" and "Any advice on Life?" I believe this project captures the essence of object oriented programming. It involves abstract classes and inheritance, not to mention C++ specifics which we need to help us like virtual functions, protected variables, pointers, etc. It's a cool project, but it takes a little bit to wrap your head around it. It has taken me some time to actually understand a few things. We weren't really given detail on a few things like the Handle class. Downing has brought the fact that he hasn't completely covered the necessary material up. He does it because it's what we will experience in real life. I understand he wants us to learn to go out and learn about how to solve problems we don't know how to solve. It's frustrating, but it will do us good.

On Friday a Bloomberg representative came to talk to the class. I think it's really cool how Downing brings in company representatives to talk to us. The speaker had taken Downing's Object Oriented Programming class when she attended UT Austin. (She mentioned she didn't miss the daily class quizzes, I can't wait to say that as well.) Now that I think about it, many of the in class speakers have taken a class from Downing at some point. Anyway, she talked about Bloomberg, gave a demo of their portal, and talked about her research. The demo of the investor portal was pretty cool. It was like something out of the movies: all the red and green numbers flashing every where. They charge a pretty large amount to have access to that portal.

I haven't been doing great on the past few quizzes. I'm going through the hardest part of the semester right now. My other classes have suddenly demanded large amounts of work and it's really effecting my performance in this class. I can't wait for the Thanksgiving holiday break. Afterwards I'll have my final OOP exam.
