---
layout: post
title: Excited Learning.
categories: [School]
tags: [CS373]
---

Week two of CS 373 Software Engineering with Glenn Downing has come to a close and I still have not fallen asleep in class. I think it's Downing's excitement that really gets me energized. In class we covered the _yield_ keyword which creates a generator function. After walking through an example using the _yield_ keyword the class was in silent awe of the power of _yield_, and Downing abruptly broke our silence to exclaim, "C'mon people! Do you not understand the power of this?! You all should be excited!" From that point forward, more people were involved in the class by asking questions of understanding and curiosity. What an amazing way to teach: making you excited and involved so that the student wants to learn more than what is being taught.

We have weekly book readings from _Extreme Programming Installed_ by Ron Jeffries et al. I'm glad to say I've actually been reading this book (or maybe I read it because I'm quizzed on the material in the book). Either way, I am enjoying the book. I have always heard in passing different software development methods like extreme programming and agile development. I like that we are being exposed to a development method now while still in college. I thought this was something you learned while on the job, but having early exposure is great.

Those quizzes. Yup, study for them. Read those book chapters and then glance over them again while taking a few notes. Also study the previous class material because it will show up on the quiz.
