---
layout: post
title: "Spanner: The Reaction."
categories: [School]
tags: [CS373]
---

I chose to read [Spanner: Google’s Globally-Distributed Database](http://static.googleusercontent.com/external_content/untrusted_dlcp/research.google.com/en/us/archive/spanner-osdi2012.pdf) for CS373's Paper Blog credit. As the title implies, Spanner is Google's globally distributed database.  Google built Spanner to replicate data across the world. Not only can users be closer to their data allowing for faster application responses, but the data replication is a safe-guard against data loss.

Spanner was a solution to problems Googlers were having; to name a few: support for frequent database schema changes and strong consistency. Spanner has features of a relational database and that of a key-value store plus, Spanner uses an SQL like language. Rows in a Spanner table must have names (not typical of relational data models), and every Spanner table must have an ordered set of primary key columns. Spanner's data model is like a key-value store because a table defines a mapping of primary key columns to non-primary key columns.

Spanner uses Paxos and Two Phase Commit. If you'd like to read the paper that fell behind the filing cabinet please do: [The Part-Time Parliament](http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/um/people/lamport/pubs/lamport-paxos.pdf). Let's be honest, the first time I read that I had little to no clue what was going on. So instead, read this paper at least four times: [Paxos Made Simple](http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/um/people/lamport/pubs/paxos-simple.pdf). And here's [Two Phase Commit](http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/people/philbe/chapter7.pdf). But I'll break it down a bit. Paxos is a consensus protocol, basically a way for a bunch of computers to decide what to do. Two Phase Commit is an atomic commitment protocol, a way for a bunch of computers to decide the same, whether to commit or abort a transaction.

So Spanner is essentially a distributed system that shards database data across datacenters where Paxos state machines accept that data, and where two phase commit locking is used to solve concurrency. Simple as that! How is all of this possible? Mainly because of the TrueTime API. Transactions across datacenters are assigned time stamps that are linearizable. Essentially if A commits before B, A will have a smaller time stamp, and this is true on a global scale. That's pretty cool. They were able to get such accurate clocks because they attached GPS consoles to datacenters and used atmoic clocks.

It's a good paper like all the papers Google has published. The bad thing is papers like these require some prior reading. I had the privilege of taking CS 371D Distributed Computing with Lorenzo Alvisi this past semester. If I had not taken that course before reading this I'd be even more lost. (If you're interested in distributed computing take the class; I hope you like proofs.) If I had not known what Paxos, Two Phase Commit, Marzullo's Algorith, etc. were I would not have fully understood the implementation of Spanner.
