---
layout: post
title: Post Exam Allocation.
categories: [School]
tags: [CS371P]
---

We got our exam grades this weekend. My last post described how concerned I was about my exam grade. I'm glad to report that I did better than I thought. This week my partner and I have also been working on our allocator project. People that have done this allocator project before keep telling me that it only took them a couple of hours to complete. That really bothers me because my partner and I have spent more than just a couple of hours so far. I'm actually enjoying the allocator project though. I like to consider this project as getting into the knitty gritty of c++ pointers, references, and casting. I feel confident in saying that I'm really starting to get a hang of pointers, references, casting, and especially the error statements the compiler gives me.

Unfortunately, I missed class on Friday for some interviews. I am growing concerned about missing more class. Not only do I miss the material for the day but I also lose the quiz points. I hope this won't negatively impact my final grade. Speaking of quizzes, I know I got a zero for a quiz this week. The quiz was over the allocation method our allocator project is supposed to implement. I forgot the negative sign for starters, but then I realized that I multiplied wrong.

I'm quite excited about the extra credit Downing posted this weekend. It's simply to create an on-line portfolio. I redesigned my website before the semester started, but then I realized my redesign didn't let me link to my blog posts. I'm glad that now I can use that redesign for extra credit. Related to extra credit, I've been recently on the hunt for a paper that I can read and review for extra credit. I really wanted to read a paper on a software design pattern like the builder pattern or the visitor pattern, but unfortunately all the articles that I find on these subjects are not vigorous enough I believe. So I settled on another paper that relates to distributed computing.

Overall I'm glad to report that things are going good in this class so far.
