---
layout: post
title: People & Web Dev.
categories: [School]
tags: [CS373]
---

As I have mentioned before, Downing likes to randomly call on people in class to answer a few guided questions about what he's currently teaching. This is great; it really gets you thinking. The questions he asks helps you make connections between topics from the previous class and even from other languages. (It also helps me stay awake by making sure to pay attention for my name.) What I don't like is when he calls on someone and that someone suddenly becomes the shyest person ever: they'll mumble and speak so low no one can hear them. Here's what I suggest when he calls on you: be confident, enunciate, and project your voice. Okay, so now you're thinking, "but what if I'm not sure of my answer?" Well, if you're not sure and you mumble and speak low it just sounds worse. Who cares if you're wrong? We're all learning here! There can be no learning without mistakes.

I worked with a partner for the last programming project and I had a great experience. We complemented each other's skills well and we got along. Now the class begins the dependent programming projects. The next three projects build off one another and we have to be in a group of about six people total. This will be the largest group I have worked with on a programming project at school. I feel a little apprehensive. We'll see how this goes...

I am excited about these upcoming projects though. We'll be creating a dynamic website using django, python, etc. about world crises. I'm eager to learn django and all the great things backend programming can offer. I've done a bit of frontend work and I find it instantly gratifying (when it works) to be able to visually see what you've changed. Hopefully all members of the team will be able to experience all aspects of web development.
