---
layout: post
title: Allocator.
categories: [School]
tags: [CS371P]
---

I once again missed class on Friday due to interviews. Thankfully Downing is very understanding of these types of situations. I'm reminded of when he mentions that we should be out looking for internships and getting real world software experiences. A professor like this is hard to come by.

Well the highlight of this past week was finishing the allocator assignment. Many of my colleagues that have taken OOP before told me that this project was particularly easy and it did not take them long at all to finish. I was misled. I projected it'd take my partner and I about six to eight hours to complete this project. It actually took us about twice that amount of time. But it's over now. I feel I learned quite a bit. We were able to identify and solve critical problems rather quickly. One problem was when we were comparing an unsigned to a signed integer. So if one of those integers was negative, we would get the wrong answer. This project was a great way to prepare for interviews. It gets you thinking about pointers, references, and common code bugs.

For this project we were also apart of a research experiment. The idea was to see if writing good unit tests could be incentivized. Everyone wrote unit tests and everyone's tests were run against everyone else's implementation of allocator. We then got points based on if your test broke someone else's implementation. At least that's what I think happened. The details are still a little fuzzy for me. I think the idea is cool. But it was disappointing seeing your score go down as the days went by. Oh, I just realized something. The tests we wrote were dependent on our implementation of the view method which was different that the one Downing gave us. I hope that didn't cause any problems.

On the project note, I'm excited to start our new project with my new partner.  I partnered up and was able to get more things done faster. I also learned from my partner. Debugging was easier I felt and it was great having someone to verify what the next steps should be. Downing was right about this partnering up thing.
