---
layout: post
title: Homestretch.
categories: [School]
tags: [CS371P]
---

This week my partner and I turned in our final programming assignment for CS 371P Object-Oriented Programming, Conway's Game of Life. After we turned in our project we found out we were all given a one day extension. This project was good because there came a point where everything made sense. My questions revolved around the Cell class and why we needed it. After really looking at the class examples of Shape and AbstractShape I was  able to understand how the project mimicked those examples. By the way, the Handle class works like magic, it's great. I was surprised that this project took me the least amount of time for any project to complete.

This week we had a speaker from Square come and talk to us, Ralston. He went to UT and was also a former student of Downing. He works for Square. Square is a "mission driven company," and I really like what Square does. They don't have to sell advertising space to make money, they enable small business owners to accept credit card payments. I want to work for a company that solves widespread impacting problems like what Square does. Ralston gave some great advice regarding getting your resume noticed by recruiters: put your GitHub link on your resume. Not only have your GitHub link on your resume, but on your GitHub have small projects. Small projects where you go out and learn and have something to show for it afterwards.

This Friday we didn't have a quiz (that's unheard of in one of Downing's classes) and instead went over a lot of material. The material we are covering now is a little to difficult wrap your head around and get straight in your head. Right now we're highlighting the differences in C++ and Java's dynamic binding abilities. The concept is the same in both languages, but whether dynamic binding is on by default, and how to turn it off can be different in the languages. There have also been several "lists" in class like what are the ways a class becomes abstract in Java, in C++? I know these lists are going to be tested somehow on our last exam. I need to study quite a bit for this exam.
