---
layout: post
title: Git Collatz.
categories: [School]
tags: [CS371P]
---

I unfortunately only had one day of CS371P this week. Monday was Labor Day and Friday I went to Chicago. But on that one day of CS371P William Vickery came in to talk to us about Git, the distributed version control system. What I think to be one of the coolest and most useful pieces of software out there. He did a pretty good job explaining the gist of git ([pun intended](https://gist.github.com/)).

After the presentation we talked about Collatz. Just about different ways a program's input can signal that no more input will come. I haven't really dealt too much with the intricacies of c++, which I'm disappointed about. I'd really like to know how to write c++ code from scratch. Most of the code that I've written for Collatz has just been code that's really close to Java. The only hiccup that I've had is that in c++ arrays are declared 'type name[]' where unlike in Java it's 'type[] name.' I've always had trouble with acceptance tests. I finally understand why they exist and how to use them properly; it's just the acceptance tests that I generate usually make the stack overflow or the heap to run out of memory.

So I ended up reading a majority of the required chapter readings on the plane ride back. The Sapir-Whorf hypothesis, "it may be possible for an individual working in one language to imagine thoughts or to utter ideas that cannot in any way be translated, or even understood by individuals operating in a different linguistic framework" I think is in a way natural. A great example of this hypothesis is the Portuguese word "saudade." It roughly translates to this feeling of longing and nostalgia, but of course it is not easily directly translated. Other languages can try and get as close as they can to the meaning, but the translations will never be able to reach the true meaning in the original language.

So a new rule has been set in place: at least 350 words per blog post. I'm not too happy about this rule; now all I can focus on is meeting that minimum. It becomes harder to blog as I'm used to: just letting it flow.
