---
layout: post
title: Exam.
categories: [School]
tags: [CS373]
---

We had our first exam on Friday. It was...challenging, yup, that's a great way to describe it. There were multiple questions about the readings. Some of those questions I did know the answer to; some I was able to narrow it down to a few choices and make an educated guess; I totally guessed on that first question, hah! I enjoyed the programming questions. They were the kind where the answer wasn't obvious right away, but after close inspection the answer was straightforward. I feel confident in saying that I feel I have learned many things in this class, and the exam was a great way to confirm.

I spent most of my study time focused on the idiosyncrasies (oh look! I remember an SAT word.) of python. I also actually took Downing's advice and implemented map, reduce, and zip by myself, and I am so glad that I did! I also spent some time reading the material that was due by test day. That reading came in handy, concepts from the readings were tested. I wasn't 100% sure of the answers, but I was able to use some deductive reasoning to get to what I thought were the answers.

We were also assigned phase two of our World Crisis Database Website project. Phase two is to basically change your code to use the class assigned schema. For my group and I, this has been a significant amount of work so far. Not hard work, but tedious in updating our code and fixing the errors in our schema. I mainly do front-end work (because I actually enjoy it) and I have come across a lot of little problems that originate in the XML instance that cause the front-end team some anxiety. I hope the other teams in the class adhere to the schema convention of only using embed attributes for img tags, etc. That would make the front-end team's lives so much easier.
