---
layout: post
title: Darwin.
categories: [School]
tags: [CS371P]
---

I'm glad to report my partner and I completed project four, Darwin, on Thursday evening. I have learned from this project and I liked it. This was the first project where we had to use object oriented design. The design we ended up implementing was not the one we originally came up with. We started out having a main Creature class and planned to have species extend from this class. After Downing gave a small example API for creature and species, we rethought our design and decided to replicate his design. We didn't copy it exactly. What didn't make sense to me was having an `addInstruction(...)` method on species because we would have to add the same instructions many times when testing. We decided to make a species' program a method in order to save us some typing. It also wasn't clear to me how one would store the added instructions. Most likely in a vector of strings, but then we'd have to do string parsing, not something I felt like doing at the time. We were having a hard time implementing Darwin with Downing's design for some reason, but then my partner suggested we start passing pointers. That helped tremendously. I think that's what Downing was going for, for us to use pointers.

I once again had a great partner. I was able to learn from them.

Lately the past few weeks have felt like a blur in CS371P. We have covered many different topics relating to C++ and object oriented programming: function overloading, variables, constructors/destructors, methods, and friends. One thing that has tripped me up, the constructor initialization list. I know it's used for initializing member variables to be able to use them in the constructor. I was tripped up in the quiz that covered this material. I'm going to do some reading on this concept and go over the slides to get a firm grasp of this.

The final project has finally arrived! It's hard to believe the semester is almost over. I'm eager to start and complete this last project.
