---
layout: post
title: Exam.
categories: [School]
tags: [CS371P]
---

On Wednesday a guest speaker from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) talked to us about general advice when interviewing. The main piece of advice that I took away was to work on demonstrable side projects. This makes sense because it shows that you have the skills presented on your resume. I have two personal problems with side projects I either don't have enough time to do a side project or I start a project and never finish it.

JPL does look like a cool place to work at especially the division our speaker worked in, the human interfaces group. I've always been interested in human computer interaction and it seems that JPL is doing some great research in this area. Our speak even had an oculus rift, kinect, and leap motion with him!

This week we had our first of two exams. I also discovered that this semester of CS 371P we only have two exams unlike past semesters who've had three. The exam was fair, yeah, let's start there... I thought the multiple choice questions were pretty straight forward. The free response questions were what really got me. I know I got some, but a majority of the questions were about knowing when the default constructor, copy constructor, destructor, and assignment operator were called. For example know the difference between creating an array of user defined types on the stack versus the heap, does the default constructor get called in both scenarios? When I did study the material I did study those details, but I apparently did not study all of them in detail enough. The programming questions were very straight forward. Overall the exam was okay for me. It didn't go as good as I would've liked it to though.

Project three was released after the exam, Allocator. We're writing some functions that will manage a heap. This sounds interesting. Unfortunately I don't quite understand too much of what the project is asking me to do, so I will have to wait until Monday so Downing can explain. I think I will have a good experience with this project (hopefully).
