---
layout: post
title: Pair Voting.
categories: [School]
tags: [CS371P]
---

There were many career fairs this past week and Downing encouraged all of us to go. It's great having a professor that really wants all of their students to succeed by acquiring a job.

We have been assigned our next programming assignment, the Australian Voting Problem. Downing has been really pushing pair programming on us and how we should all pair program. I believe pair programming is great too, but I'm not going to pair program for this assignment because I feel if I work with another I won't get to learn c++ in depth like I want to. Also, I feel the only way to do pair programming is sitting next to each other at one computer and that requires time which I barely have enough of.

I'm a little concerned about this Australian Voting assignment. I'm moving a lot slower in the assignment than what I would've hoped. I've quickly learned that c++ error messages are very verbose and difficult to read, if only they could be more descriptive. I wish I would've started last weekend when the project was released; I still have a few days until the project is due, but I feel like there's a time crunch now especially with the work from my other classes.

I feel we've covered a bit of object oriented topics, but it's still not clear to me when I should use some of the object oriented programming paradigms. The object oriented programing paradigms I am referring to are coming from the textbook. Now that we are writing our Voting project from scratch I'd like to begin to write my code in an object oriented way, but I'm confused as to how. I'd really like it if Downing were to specifically say under what conditions do you use this design pattern etc. So that's why I'm confused with the Voting lab: I want to write it using objects and such but it's not too clear to me as to how, and the fact that c++ is new to me and I'm running into a bit of problems doesn't help.
