---
layout: post
title: C++ vs. Java.
categories: [School]
tags: [CS371P]
---

This week in class we really dived into C++. I have been waiting for this. We've studied how arguments are passed in C++ and the effect of passing a pointer, reference, and arrays. We've also studied different ways to return values like reference, copy, etc. The last big topic we studied in class was arrays. There are a lot of interesting cases with arrays like passing an array to a function as an array `f(int x[]){...}` is the same as passing a pointer to the first value in the array `f(int* x){...}`. Over all, I feel this week has been really heavy on test worthy material, and there are so many small details to study. We have pointed out a few of the differences between C++ and Java, so I guess I should memorize those too instead of just hoping the test will only cover C++.

The exam is this upcoming Thursday. I did start studying already, but I need to study so much more. This upcoming week of mine will be devoted to studying for this exam. I've learned to study the details for Downing's exams. My advice is to download the code examples from class and make changes to the code and see what happens. I'd also study the main points from the readings. This Summer many students were blindsided when the first exam had quite a bit of questions from the readings. There will be code questions and in class when he said we should be able to write array copy he meant that. This week's quizzes have had more coding questions and those are a great way to study for the exam. Learn those quiz examples.

This week actually hasn't been too rough with outside work for class. Maybe it's by design? Maybe Downing knows we're all going through interviews and other exams around this time and he's giving us a break. The third project hasn't been released yet which I wish it had so I could get started on it. Once again I find myself actually taking Downing's advice and I got myself booked for pair programming for the rest of my projects. I'm excited to be working with the people I'll be working with. I think I'll learn a lot from them.
