---
layout: post
title: The Final Countdown.
categories: [School]
tags: [CS373]
---

I was absent on Monday because I was in Chicago; read about those adventures [here]({% post_url 2013-08-10-thinkChicago_lollapalooza %})!

Since I got back from Chicago I've been playing major catch-up. I basically missed the entirety of the last concept taught before we have our final exam. It appears to me that what the class covered are refactorings and python singletons.

I was in class for the Paypal presentation. The discussion the class was having with the Paypal representative was pretty cool. He emphasized what tools were used by Paypal in their software development process; things like [Jenkins](http://jenkins-ci.org/) and [Gerrit](https://code.google.com/p/gerrit/), pretty cool stuff if you ask me. But that wasn't what he was there to talk about. He had a presentation on how branching can enhance feature addition and overall code modification. I've enjoyed all of the class presenters this summer mainly because they mentioned really cool technologies and tools that I had never heard of before.

So my team and I have finally completed the last phase of our world crisis database project. I'm very impressed by the UI redesign of this last iteration. There were of course challenges: we had written our queries in SQL, but on heroku we used Postgresql, so we had to rewrite all of our queries (didn't leave the lab until 1:30 A.M. that night, fun). Looking back on this large group project it was a great experience. I've made new friends, learned new technologies, and got to build a website.

This up coming week is our last week of summer school! I am alleviated that is has finally come. All I have to get through this week is a class presentation and our last exam. I can do this...
