---
layout: post
title: Done.
categories: [School]
tags: [CS371P]
---

Well, another semester with Glenn Downing has come to a close. I am now done with CS 371P Object Oriented Programming. I felt like this semester went by so fast! I remember when I was doing the first project for this class, Collatz. Now the semester is over, but overall it was a good semester. I learned a lot about C++. I finally understand what a reference is. I was confused about that topic when starting this class.

We only had two exams this semester. Former students have told me that they had three exams during a full semester. I like that we only had two exams because it's one less exam I have to worry about, but it also means each exam covers more material. This last exam was difficult. Harder than what I was expecting. I did not do as well on this exam as I did the past one; I am disappointed in myself for not having done so well. I will use this as a learning experience though, I will prepare more for future exams in any other course.

Pay close attention the last week of class. A lot of material is covered.

Overall the class was good. There were quite a bit of speakers this semester. I was surprised by how many speakers we had, but it's great that Downing wants us to hear a first hand perspective of real world software development. Our speakers had great advice, but the one piece of advice they had was to pursue personal development projects and exhibit them in a portfolio. So now I have got to go find some cool project to do where I can display my skills and that I'm eager to learn. I have a few in mind...

One thing I really like that I have done in Downing's class are these blogs. Look at how many blog posts I have! These blogs have been a great way for me to reflect on the past week. I hope that I'll continue to blog, maybe not as often though.

The Downingisms were in full force this semester, but they're entertaining.
